hey everyone Travis Cavett here with
traffic after TV sports and today I'll
be interviewing way to do that would you
first time here
bit of an amateur here and then we also
got the main character of every anime
and mate and like real life in general
thank you so on bjergsen burek del thank
you Kevin yeah alright let's start off
with um how you guys do today I thought
Travers was asking the questions oh no I
I'm Travis Jeffery I do agree yeah thank
you so much Travis for asking me Travis
about this yeah no problem
yeah and and so now it's my turn I got
to resume the interview alright let's
talk a little bit so you guys are two
dudes that now have three new dudes on
their on their team and now you have to
prove once more that you can be the best
team in North America how are you gonna
do that by winning that's usually how
you prove it Travis yeah I do you know
when I ask these questions I'm going for
more of like a an in-depth you know
answer by practicing and then using that
practice to win so isn't that what the
other nine teams are gonna be doing but
we did better than the so you will win
by practicing better yeah and we have
song the best coach okay cool and now so
now we've got the coach in there any
other ways that you guys are gonna win
and do that the best sponsor there we go
okay oh and now oh oh I was
actually thirsty thank you Mike I love
it whenever a player scored a I guess
let's take a sip here is it because of
the fact that you're you've got July
refreshing oh I didn't even notice that
thanks thanks for pointing it out that's
great as the flashes are going off love
these media days either way no let's
talk a little bit about the roster are
you guys gonna keep holding that the
whole time you can if you want it's
important very good alright so let's
talk a little bit about the lineup so
you guys swapped out three players and
you've got three new ones is that do you
guys think that's gonna change the
identity of your team very much
I don't really think so I think Mike
young way is pretty similar it's a
dentist they play they're both really
good leasing players and I think I mean
it's just really we haven't really
practiced as a team yet so it's hard to
say exactly how it's gonna affect our
team but I think really what we did last
year and what we're gonna continue to
strive for is playing the game in the
best way possible not just like Oh Jason
I'm always camp Smith it's like we want
to play what's best in the meta and
what's the most optimal way to play the
game and I think that's how I've seen g2
playing as well so I can imagine it
would be similar answer are you
concerned that you're next in bjergsen's
diabolical plan to replace all the
players with EU players
yeah I've been I've been around for two
years now so maybe this might be my last
year okay wish me luck though actually I
perform well yeah hopefully otherwise
you is this your plan by the way it
really made the cut oh really okay
eventually it's gonna be five Danish
players okay
so just in time it will happen Pearson
will still be the mid laner then yeah
exactly
I mean okay let's let's talk about this
cuz I think it was talked about that you
guys you had specifically re-signed with
TSM right for another another deal or
that you were sticking around
I was actually complete misunderstanding
oh really I was already signed with TSM
and I just tweeted that OTO Sam's been
franchising I'll be playing there too
and everyone took it is yeah I was
confused with it because I thought you
were already on board but is there was
there ever a world where you don't play
for TSM this year like was that ever a
chance or are you just so committed to
this cuz I know you had a deal but other
people had deals and ended up on other
teams so in your mind was there ever a
chance I mean after I had the first
meeting with Andy then no because Andy
told me I want song I wants man and
mithy and I want the best gentleman I
can get most likely Mike young and we're
able to get that exact roster so when
Andy and even part of when they had that
I could just tell instantly that they
wanted to get the best roster again that
they could possibly get whereas I know
other teams care more about maybe
branding value or you know obviously
might not be the best 40s brand to take
a big name like doublelift but we truly
care
just winning and we felt like this
roster was the best way for us to win
also the best operator yeah the best
toplaner
speaking of doublelift I'm so glad you
brought it on because I have to mention
him in every interview but hon sir I did
an interview with him and his quote was
that he wants to absolutely demolished
ESM's legacy and make them regret the
decision I'm very curious if you have a
response to that at all
or what you think of that statement you
know I just don't think there's any
universe where we're gonna get that
decision and it's gonna be a good
decision we're gonna shoot on teal if
they make the finals I hope they do so
then we can beat them but you know we're
not gonna waste match so yeah well I'm
glad you brought that up because earlier
Reggie tweeted that the TSM CLG rivalry
is dead and then it was all about TSM T
all he tweeted this when I had Nick
Allen on my show and Nick Allen's
response Nick Allen being like the guy
running CLG these days Nick Allen's
response was that there will be a TSM
teal rivalry for fourth place so I'm
very curious you know do you do are you
concerned at all about CLG and if you
guys think CL is gonna be fourth you
know is there a chance that CLG will be
going up against you I mean they got a
player that we decided we didn't want
anymore
that's good holy all right this is a
great guy but I know ever also dropped
off a lot so don't know if you can get
back up there yeah I know right so sir
people go to disappear mm-hmm yeah all
right so a lot of trash talk here on the
Gillette TSM media de Haan sir are you
concerned about any of the top laners or
any of the new rosters that we're seeing
kind of start to leak and get announced
I mean it's pretty much the same top n
is right and like yeah someday impact
oh that's always got its flaming in
there supposedly that's a reemergence
yeah then maybe hooni so you know I
played against them all before don't
think it'll be any like new challenge to
me yeah
alright so years have been dismissive of
CLG you've been dismissed as a
dismissive of Team Liquid what teams do
you think will contest for first place
with you guys well I think those teams
could it's just like you know let's say
they're like two or three hmm we're like
tier one so they're like they're like
the closest teams to us but they're
still really far ok there's one set and
there's no tier 2 in your mind no ok
yeah they might get up there but yeah
how does that which is if you have a
tier 1 and a tier 3 and you don't have a
tier 2 doesn't that just automatically
make to your three tier two no no we're
talking like microphone up we're talking
like skill level right
okay so there's skill levels like tier 3
okay I'll just like they don't get moved
up because they're still like not good
ok I see it's a it's a skill thing i
underst
bjergsen do you agree with this well
let's put it this way you've got this
new lineup you guys believe that this is
gonna be really good but TSM has to be
honest consistently failed to meet
expectations at international events so
how will this lineup change the
expectations for TSM that have sort of
been said over the past couple years I
don't think it will change the
expectation much I guess I think the
expectation is actually almost always
fairly high and I think the expectation
will continue to be high whereas if we
continued with the same roster it would
probably lower quite a bit from the
consistent failure but I'm the biggest
factor that has changed you know we got
better players but I think the biggest
thing is really having a better coaching
staff we only played one scrim set with
the all-star team with song but I
already see something that I haven't
really seen in any other coach other
than maybe Reginald himself he's very
confident in his ability and he knows
what the team needs to get better at so
I'm very excited to work with song
speaking of song you guys concerned at
all about language barrier issues
I mean for the Oscars event we've had
like a translator come in and so far
that's worked pretty well and you know
we're working with less boy too so he
can help translate a little bit and if
you really have like problems
understanding each other then we'll just
hire like a full-time translator and
they'll fix everything I think they're
also getting English tutoring like once
or twice a week or something like that
so in the beginning we might we're gonna
be a translator for song
I think lustboy speaks English just fine
he just needs to be more confident in
speaking and then it would time I think
we won't need a translator at all so I
think we need to start winding down so
really quickly was two quick questions
one is Sven and methey we're kind of
pushing this narrative of like this is
the all-star western team than an na
team what do you think of that agree
agreed and then finally do you have
anything you want to say to any other
TSM fans who are hyped to see how you
guys can perform next year I said this
is another interview but I think the
biggest thing that people are kind of
worried about is that they lose the
people that they know and love from our
team and they lose that friendship in
the team I guess but I think once you
get to know it's been Missy and Mike
you'll begin to love them too just the
same as you did with my previous
teammates so just give them a give them
a chance watch T some legends watch
whatever content comes out with Travis
cafard from Travis Canford eSports and I
think you'll be into it like my new
teammates a lot answering you anything
besides a yer Gillette for holding this
be a day yeah allowing us to do this
interview wonderful sponsor we
appreciate them a lot
yeah well legitimately I also appreciate
your life for pretty girls together so I
could talk to you guys thanks so much
for the interview
and for everyone else you can check out
the rest of my coverage of all things
he's first right here on my youtube
channel
hey everyone at the end of Yahoo eSports
avila may made a commitment to me to
keep helping me out on this YouTube
channel and then she bailed as soon as
she could to riot games to get the big
bucks so if you could help me out that
would be great
over at Travis Garrett a comma slash
support